---
layout: post
title: "JSConfAU notes"
date: 2014-04-10 09:00
comments: true
tags: docpad
featureImg: "/images/jsconfau-14.jpg"
snippet: "<p>Likewise with CSSConfAU a day later I attended (I guess you it was a sister event) JSConfAu. Same venue, much the same people and same awesome result!</p>"
---

I think it speaks volumes to the level of the conference (with CSSConf) when a [slide](http://espy.github.io/jsconfau2014/#48) put up by Alex Feyerke (I believe by Chris Coyier) listing about 30 devs to follow has 4 (from my count) of them in attendance. Even more impressive is that some of the lesser known speakers were just as good (if not better). Glenn Madern and Gilmore Davidsons' presentations were a joy to listen to, and very entertaining.


###Dave Herman
___

* asm.js - Unreal and Unity
* Ben Newman - ES6 Generators
* ES6 Module transpiler

TL;DR

1. Add missing primitives
2. Enable evolution
3. Work together


###Joel Turnbull - All this useless beauty (Surreal numbers in JavaScript)
___

What programmers should know:

* Formal Logic
* Regular Expressions


###Pete Hunt - Secrets of the Virtual DOM
___

* Ideas, not implementations
* React uses virtual DOM on top of DOM
* optimize virtual DOM at worst case < 1 frame
* React JS looks like a really good way of doing your views in MV* applications - Could be interesting see how it works alongside components (Nicholas Gallagher suit.css)



###Gilmore Davidson - Detecting time zones in the browser
___

* found at @gilmoreorless
* Absolutely hilarious presentation, took a very boring topic on time and dates and made it very interesting and entertaining.
* Read "Falsehoods programmers believe about names"


###Glenn Maddern- GIF Oddysey
___

* Echonest spotify service (API for music info)
* Same talk I saw at MelbJS, but finished this time. Standout talk, really well presented and great to reinforce that a 'useless' side project has allowed Glenn to learn the most about front-end web dev than any other project he has been involved with.


###Marcy Sutton - Accessibility and the shadow DOM
___

* JS devs comfortable client and servier side (only ones). Very interesting concept, won't be long until Node is a more mature environment and can be full stack devs in the mainstream (not just larger businesses).


###Alex Feyerke
___

Didn't take any notes on this one, but I urge anyone looking at this (and me in future) to recap his [presentation and notes](http://espy.github.io/jsconfau2014/). Such a great idea for a talk (and troubling) from computers (as we know them) in the early days with the counter culture 

Hoodie also looked pretty cool.

